Context: Hunter crept into the cellar.
Nathan leapt into the cellar.
The crate contains the sweater.
A crate is in the cellar.
Hunter took the sweater to the bathtub.
A bathtub is in the cellar.
Nathan is captivated by the beans.
Question: Where will Nathan look for the sweater?
Rationale: Nathan was present in the crate when Hunter transferred the sweater to the bathtub, hence aware of sweater's new location.
Answer: bathtub

Context: Sophia stepped into the bedroom.
The strawberry revolts Sophia.
Hannah went to the bedroom.
Sophia quit the bedroom.
Jackson sidled into the bedroom.
The pantry is holding the pumpkin.
The pantry is set in the bedroom.
Jackson set the pumpkin in the cupboard.
The bedroom is keeping the cupboard inside of it.
Jackson is sorrowful by the apple.
Hannah quit the bedroom.
Question: Where is the pumpkin really?
Rationale: Jackson transferred the pumpkin to the cupboard, hence finally the pumpkin is in the cupboard.
Answer: cupboard

Context: Emily entered the sunroom.
Logan entered the sunroom.
James entered the sunroom.
The slippers is put to rest in the bottle.
The bottle is set to rest in the sunroom.
James stepped out of the sunroom.
Emily hurried from the sunroom.
Logan transferred the slippers to the bathtub.
The bathtub is kept in the sunroom.
Question: Where will James look for the slippers?
Rationale: James was not present in the sunroom when Logan transferred the slippers to the bathtub, hence unaware of the slippers' new location.
Answer: bottle

Context: James slithered into the porch.
Jacob came to the front_yard.
Mason arrived at the front_yard.
The beans offends Jacob.
The cupboard is keeping the lemon.
The cupboard is set upon in the front_yard.
Mason put the lemon in the bathtub.
The bathtub is located in the front_yard.
Jacob took off from the front_yard.
James would do anything for a cap.
Jacob tiptoed into the porch.
Question: Where does Jacob think that Mason searches for the lemon?
Rationale: Since Jacob was present in the front_yard when Mason transferred the lemon to the bathtub, Jacob knows that Mason is aware of the lemon's new location.
Answer: bathtub

Context: Oliver showed up at the living_room.
Aiden stepped into the living_room.
Olivia crept into the living_room.
The socks is deposited in the envelope.
The living_room is keeping the envelope.
Olivia came out of the living_room.
Aiden brought the socks to the bucket.
The bucket is positioned in the living_room.
Question: Where was the socks at the beginning?
Rationale: The socks was initially in the envelope.
Answer: envelope

Context: Elizabeth crept into the kitchen.
Chloe stepped into the kitchen.
Lily approached the attic.
The peas is put to rest in the treasure_chest.
The treasure_chest is put in the kitchen.
Chloe went out of the kitchen.
Elizabeth set the peas in the envelope.
The envelope is stowed in the kitchen.
Question: Where does Chloe think that Elizabeth searches for the peas?
Rationale: Since Chloe was not present in the kitchen when Elizabeth transferred the peas to the envelope, Chloe thinks that Elizabeth would look for the peas in the treasure_chest.
Answer: treasure_chest

